(H1) HDC Initiatives for Educators 

INSERT HERO IMAGE 

Welcome to the Human Development Center! We can help educators help studnts with disabilities in the classroom and connect educators with programs to help students after they graduate. 


(H2) For help in in Early Childhood:

(H3) Inclusive Practices in Early Childhood
Inclusive Practices in Early Childhood (IPEC) trains and coaches early childhood teachers to support young children with disabilties in early childhood programs. 

Insert button to website. 

(H3) Early Head Start Child Care Parternship
The Early Head Start Child Care Parternship (EHS-CCP) supports early learning centers in the New Orleans area to better include children with disabilities.

Insert button to website. 

(H2) For help in K-12 schools:

(H3) LASARD  
Louisiana Autism and Related Disabilities (LASARD) project provides one-on-one coaching or professional development for teachers and administrators. LASARD helps teachers find supports for students with disabilities.

Insert button to website. 

(H2) For help with vision and hearing impairments:

(H3) LADBP

The Louisiana DeafBlind Project for Children and Youth (LADBP) helps young people with vision and hearing loss and thier teachers.

Insert button to website

(H2) For help with transition or postsecondary services:

(H3) PAY Check

The Postsecondary Apprenticeship for Youth (PAY Check) program helps young people aged 15-22 get work experience, take college courses, and find a job.

Insert button to website.

(H2) For help with social security benefits and work:

(H3) WSC WIPA

The West South Central Work Incentives Planning Assistance (WSC WIPA) can help individuals with disabilities keep thier benefits while they work. 

Insert button to website.

(H2) For interest in advocacy and leadership:

(H3) LEND

Leadership Education in Neurodevelopmental and Related Disabilities (LEND) is a nine-month training program. LEND trains professionals and graduate students in education or healthcare to prioritize the needs of children with autism spectrum disorders (ASD) and other neurodevelopmental disabilities. LEND also helps self-advocates and family members become effective advocates and community leaders. 

Insert button to website.
